# best-booze-liquor-store
Best Booze is a company that has been selling alcohol since 1969. With the aim of expanding its customers nationally and internationally. This an online store that has always been open, characterized by a wide range of quality products at extremely competitive prices. On our site, you can find the right alcohol for any occasion, with the guarantee of quick and safe shipping. This Project is written in PHP and MYSQL.   This Best Booze project is an Italian company that has always offered a huge range of spirits from all over the world, at the best possible price. The great offer from our company allows us to satisfy all needs, supplying both products with daily consumption and the best liqueurs on the market, also guaranteeing a large reserve of renowned wines and spirits, with aging even over 200 years.  This Best Booze company was born in 1969, as a liquor store, and since then has been able to stand out for the passion with which it worked, and soon managed to establish itself also in the international market thanks to this online store, which allowed us to bring our quality even beyond national borders.  Personal data are collect for the purpose of registering the customer and activating the procedures for the execution of this contract and the related necessary communications; these data are process electronically in compliance with the laws in force and can be present only upon request of the judicial authority or other authorities authorize by law for this purpose.
